Abstract:

<strike>For my project I would like to create a website that is a usefull tool for comic readers. I plan on scraping a large comic database for informaiton, either Comixology or wikipedia. The website will allow users to create their own lists of comics that they have read/plan to read/stopped reading/are currently reading. Each comic would have it's own information page, and on that page there would be commenting sections for written reviews as well as a voting system of comics/comic arcs that are reccomended to read as a build up to the page's comic. (IE: In order to understand Reign of the Supermen you should probably be reading funeral for a friend and the death of superman)
In addition to this, depending how succesful that part is, I would like to add a reccomendation system that would take ratings that you have given comics, and compare that with ratings others have given to them and then see what other similar comics would best fit your reccomendations based on their similar ratings etc.. 
A seprate idea I had for a feature is the ability for users to create reading orders for big cross over events. A current example of Marvel comics requires a lot of pre-reading to be able to jump in anywhere, so finding a clear and concise reading list for that would be extremely useful to someone trying to jump into reading. These would possibly be user voted for. So if someone releases a very good and comprehensive list for Flashpoint Paradox, it will float to the top and likely duplicates would only surpass it if the community thinks it should. </strike>

<h3> Abstract Redux </h3>

<h5> Lets try this again: </h5>

  As a solution to the problems I ran into in my previous project, I did what any sane person would do and that is give up. 

  <p>The new project that I am working on is a game that takes a lot of inspiration from games such as [Sim Tower](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SimTower) , [Papers, Please](https://store.steampowered.com/app/239030/Papers_Please/) and [Monster Prom](https://store.steampowered.com/app/743450/Monster_Prom/). The current name in progress is "Monster Hotel" which is classically original right now. The key concept of this game is simple. You manage a hotel, where during the day you will book normal guests, but at night, you need to book monsters in and meet their requirements. A vampire for example may need you to book a person on either side of them within a number of days. The penalty for this is still unknown, though it is a current idea of implementing some rating system that will be effected by these penalties.</p>

<p> I want to avoid content creep, though I do have additional ideas and mechanics I want to implement into the game, I plan on starting with a single additional monster, and adding them as I move forward, so I don't have a set goal right now of say 10 monster types and this mechanic and this mechanic, as that doesn't really work in such a scenario. The ideas I do have are implementations of a Mummy, Vampire, Werewolf, swamp man that are subject to change as I get a better feel for how this game should play. </p> 

<p> Right now I'm thinking of pushing the micromanagement out of the game and more a focus on macro management, with the only Micro happening being picking the hotel room for a guest. The more Macro focuses are mass purchases of food and electricity and extra water for the month. This will of course put a lot of weight into your decisions for booking more guests, or just maintaining the guests that you have. I'm not sure yet, if turning away guests will have a punishment, though I think not. But of course the two main goals are to maintain a positive amount of money (Possible random events such as repairs and other thigns that will require spending money when you don't want to) as well as maintaining the positive ratings from both people and monsters </p> 
